pseudocode
User Story 1: As a user, I want to create a flashcard with a question and an answer so that I can access it in the dashboard. 
Acceptance criteria: 

When a flashcard is created, it should display as a card – just showing the question 

User Story 2: As a user, I want to access the answer from the created question. 

Acceptance criteria:  

Should be able to click on a question card and it will display the answer 

User Story 3: As a user, I want to delete a created flashcard 

Acceptance criteria:  

Should be able to delete individual cards 

 

 

User Story 4: As a user, I want to edit a created flashcard, so I can update the information if it’s wrong 

Acceptance criteria:  

Should be able to edit individual cards 

 

User Story 5: As a user, I want to see a progress bar to track my progress through the flashcards. 

Acceptance criteria:  

The application should display a progress bar at the top of the screen. 

The progress bar should update as the user reviews each flashcard. 

 

User Story 6: As a user, I want to be able to view flashcards one at a time and click them to reveal the answer. 

Acceptance criteria:  

The application should display one flashcard at a time. 

The user should be able to click or tap on the flashcard to reveal the answer. 

The user should be able to click or tap on the flashcard again to hide the answer. 

 

User Story 7: As a user, I want to have a simple navigation system to cycle through the flashcards. 

Acceptance criteria:  

The application should provide buttons or arrows to allow the user to move to the previous or next flashcard. 

The user should be able to navigate through the flashcards in a sequential order. 






Constructor(){
flashcard.name="question name"
flashcard.answer="question answer"
}

for flashcard.name in flashcards[]
{
if flashcard.name== flashcards[x] then query("a flashcard with this question already exists, would you like to overwrite it?")
	if answer == yes then overwrite
	else then do nothing
else then save
}
















